Clean up network setting docs (#88929)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/modules/transport.asciidoc

Configures the compression scheme for `transport.compress`. The options are
`deflate` or `lz4`. If `lz4` is configured and the remote node has not been
upgraded to a version supporting `lz4`, the traffic will be sent uncompressed.
Defaults to `lz4`.

`transport.ping_schedule`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, <<time-units,time value>>)
Schedule a regular application-level ping message to ensure that transport
connections between nodes are kept alive. Defaults to `5s` in the transport
client and `-1` (disabled) elsewhere. It is preferable to correctly configure
TCP keep-alives instead of using this feature, because TCP keep-alives apply to
all kinds of long-lived connections and not just to transport connections.

`transport.tcp.keep_alive`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, boolean)
Configures the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option for transport sockets, which determines
whether they send TCP keepalive probes. Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_alive`.

`transport.tcp.keep_idle`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, integer)
Configures the `TCP_KEEPIDLE` option for transport sockets, which determines
the time in seconds that a connection must be idle before starting to send TCP

> keepalive probes. Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_idle` if set, or the system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keepalive probes. Defaults to `-1` if set, or the system
```

Reviewer: I think that this `integer` setting defaults to `-1`.

default otherwise. This value cannot exceed `300` seconds. In cases where the
system default is higher than `300`, the value is automatically lowered to
`300`. Only applicable on Linux and macOS.

`transport.tcp.keep_interval`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, integer)
Configures the `TCP_KEEPINTVL` option for transport sockets, which determines
the time in seconds between sending TCP keepalive probes. Defaults to

> `network.tcp.keep_interval` if set, or the system default otherwise. This value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-1` if set, or the system default otherwise. This value
```

Reviewer: I think that this `integer` setting defaults to `-1`.

cannot exceed `300` seconds. In cases where the system default is higher than
`300`, the value is automatically lowered to `300`. Only applicable on Linux
and macOS.

`transport.tcp.keep_count`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, integer)
Configures the `TCP_KEEPCNT` option for transport sockets, which determines the
number of unacknowledged TCP keepalive probes that may be sent on a connection

> before it is dropped. Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_count` if set, or the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
before it is dropped. Defaults to `-1` if set, or the
```

Reviewer: I think that this `integer` setting defaults to `-1`.

system default otherwise. Only applicable on Linux and macOS.

`transport.tcp.no_delay`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, boolean)
Configures the `TCP_NODELAY` option on transport sockets, which determines
whether {wikipedia}/Nagle%27s_algorithm[TCP no delay] is enabled. Defaults to
`true`.

`transport.tcp.reuse_address`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, boolean)
Configures the `SO_REUSEADDR` option for network sockets, which determines
whether the address can be reused or not. Defaults to

> `network.tcp.reuse_address`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`true`.
```

Reviewer: I think that this `boolean` setting defaults to `true`.

`transport.tcp.send_buffer_size`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, <<byte-units,byte value>>)
The size of the TCP send buffer for transport traffic. Defaults to

> `network.tcp.send_buffer_size`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-1`, which means to use the system default.
```

Reviewer: I think that this `byte value` setting defaults to `-1`.

`transport.tcp.receive_buffer_size`::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>, <<byte-units,byte value>>)
The size of the TCP receive buffer for transport traffic. Defaults to

> `network.tcp.receive_buffer_size`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-1`, which means to use the system default.
```

Reviewer: I think that this `byte value` setting defaults to `-1`.
